READING TEST In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within the time allowed. You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test book. PART 5 Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet. 101. 102. 103. 104. 110 Mr. Barrientos has worked at the company — six years. (A) for (B) since (C) with (D) lately The staff cafeteria stops — lunch at 2:00 P.M. (A) taking (B) buying (C) serving (D) working The annual report will be ready after make the necessary revisions. (B) me (C) myself (D) my Mr. Louden was offered a full-time position at Fortelio Corporation — a division manager. (A) about (B) as (C) after (D) around 105. 106. 107. 108. Kennedy Sports will its end-of-season sale through the month of January (A) continuing (B) continued (C) continues (D) continue Ms. Najjar is going to give a presentation — workplace regulations at noon. (A) near (B) to (C) past (D) on Mr. Telguld submitted the — surveys before the monthly board meeting. (A) completely (B) completed (C) completing (D) completes Travel funds are available to student presenters coming to the conference from a significant (A) location (B) amount (C) reason (D) distance
109. 110. 111. 112. 113. 114. Ms. Okada is — a new social media campaign at the request of our office manager. (A) organize (B) organized (C) organizing (D) organization The speaker will offer five tips for making wise purchasing (A) items (B) decisions (C) values (D) remedies Please log on to your online checking — the next 30 days in order to account keep it active. (A) within (B) how (C) whether (D) and The Bradyville Inn live jazz music in the dining area on Friday evenings. (A) features (B) marks (C) sounds (D) collects Leeann's Organic Fruit Spreads can be purchased site. (A) direction (B) directly (C) directness (D) directed from the company's Web 115. 116. 117. 118. 119. 120. the event organizers' best efforts, they have been unable to attract enough volunteers this spring. (A) Behind (B) Versus (C) Among (D) Despite Mr. Perez — as an industrial engineer at Gaberly Logistics for almost twenty years. (A) employs (B) to be employed (C) is employing (D) has been employed Soon after Ms. Manilla was hired, the sales department's productivity began to Increase (A) mainly (B) respectively (C) noticeably (D) closely Small businesses participate in the Get Ahead program will receive marketing tools to help them attract customers. (A) that (B) they (C) what (D) whoever Our copy editors will review the manuscript — will not return it until the end of next week. (A) or (B) once (C) either (D) but Mira Kumar was probably the — of all the interns at Kolbry Media last summer. (A) ambitious (B) most ambitious (C) ambitiously (D) more ambitiously Orbin's Fish Company expanded to a total of 26 stores — its takeover of a rival chain. (A) whenever (B) toward (C) following (D) usually GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE TEST 4 111
Ms. Cartwright told her team members that 121. she wanted — to streamline the company's assembly process. (A) theirs (B) they (C) them (D) themselves Rupert's Food Service uses — 122. technology to track all of its shipments. (A) strict (B) numerous (C) advanced (D) crowded so that users can 123. Our app includes a determine whether they are within their budget goals. (A) calculator (B) calculated (C) calculating (D) calculations . To — that its facilities are cleaned every 124 day, the Selboa Company has hired more janitors. (A) ensure (B) affect (C) provide (D) secure . During his term as a legislator, Jeremy 125 — promoted public awareness of Moran the need for infrastructure improvements. (A) act (B) action (C) active (D) actively 112 126. 127. 128. 129. 130. Pyxie Print's business is so new that we need to explain the full range of our services to clients. (A) trained (B) potential (C) elected (D) paid Phone orders that are — to local stores by II A.M. are eligible for same-day pickup. (A) submitted (B) submission (C) submitting (D) submits An Oswald Hardware associate will place an order for customers who need larger quantities than what is in stock. (A) slightly (B) wholly (C) busily (D) gladly Mia Daushvili performed with the Bayhead Orchestra on Monday evening, — her virtuosic skills on the piccolo. (A) displays (B) had displayed (C) displaying (D) was displayed When reviewing applicants for the clerk position, Ms. Ng will consider both education and — experience. (A) prior (B) quick (C) lean (D) calm